[squelching noise]
[ominous music playing]
[roaring]
[crowd clamoring]
[panting]
[groans]
[clamoring]
[crowd clamoring]
It's absolute chaos!
Shiki!
They're running out of time here,
where are you?
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
NEW FRIENDS
-[Happy] I was wrong.
-Hmm?
Rescuing Copa
was definitely the correct decision.
-Hmm!
-[beeping]
I received a message from the ship.
May master and the others
will be joining us.
The others?
You have not met some of them yet.
Weisz, Homura and Sister Ivry.
Homura is a woman
who snuck aboard the ship with Weisz
and made this whole mission possible.
I didn't know he'd made
so many friends already.
Talk about moving fast.
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
Is the chronophage doing all this?!
I thought those things
were supposed to eat time,
not destroy the entire planet!
Detecting abnormal gravity readings.
-The planet's Ether is flowing in reverse!
-[loud explosion]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[crashing]
The tree is growing faster
than I can keep up with!
-[loud rumble]
-[screams]
Rebecca!
[screaming]
Rebecca, no!
[Shiki] Right in the nick of time!
-Shiki!
-Master!
[explosion]
[grunts]
[crackling]
[Rebecca yelps]
[screams]
[grunts]
[panting]
That's the second time
you've saved me today.
Hey, don't worry about it. We're friends.
-[Weisz] What's going on over here?
-[gasps]
[somber music plays]
This thing is nasty.
Why does it keep squirming
all around like that?
So, if that's Sister, then she must be…
[Homura] Save the introductions for later.
Let's focus on getting out of here.
Look, there it is!
[Sister] Long time no see, Edens Zero!
Feels like I'm back home again.
[Witch] This is the Edens Zero.
I'm unable to land
with all the overgrowth here.
[Happy] Rebecca, are you okay?!
Happy! Yeah, I'm totally fine!
[Witch] Demon King,
can you do something about the trees?
Do something like what exactly?
All we gotta do is chop 'em down, right?
I can help.
-An Ether sword?!
-There's no way!
[slashing]
Leopard Claw Frenzy!
Atlas Flame!
Does this guy just carry around
a flamethrower everywhere?
He must have used Machina Maker
on his assault rifle.
-[gasps]
-I still need more room to land!
[Witch] Keep going!
[Shiki] Don't worry.
This clearing should be
more than enough for us.
But the ship requires more space
to be brought in for landing!
That's why I'll be the one landing!
-Hmm?
-Huh?!
[gasps]
-[Rebecca grunts]
-[Weisz] Huh?
Hang on tight, everybody!
No, hold on!
[Shiki] Here we go!
[blast]
Edens Zero, here we come!
[laughing]
To be more precise, we are just falling
in the direction of the Edens Zero.
Not bad, Heavy Drop Boy!
So this is the Demon King's power.
Go, Shiki!
[chuckles]
[giggles softly]
[thrilling music playing]
[exhales]
[confused grunting]
We will now commence
our escape from Guilst.
Edens Zero engines are primed for takeoff.
[blast]
[Xiaomei]
Many lives were lost on that day.
The chronophage consumed
1,200 years of time.
That event came to be known
as "The Day of Guilst's Cleansing."
Guilst was but a planet of money and greed
before the chronophage's arrival.
However, the catastrophe sent Guilst
back in time to a prosperous age.
[birds chirping]
[ethereal music playing]
I'll reintroduce myself. I am Xiaomei.
I am the narrator
of the story you're hearing.
Shiki and the others escaped
the chronophage on Guilst.
They now seek the remaining
Four Shining Stars of the Demon King
to restore the Edens Zero
to its full power.
All in hopes of one day
seeing Mother on their own.
And so, their grand adventure continues.
I hope we are able
to meet again in the near future.
Enjoy the rest
of this little story of mine.
[Shiki] So that's a chronophage?
It really is consuming the entire planet.
The way things played out on Norma
was exactly the same.
What a horrifying monstrosity.
I hope everyone else there
was able to evacuate.
Unfortunately, that's nearly impossible.
But we can't do anything about it.
That's just the way the universe works.
According to my calculations, 1,200 years
of the planet's time were devoured.
And all of the humans left behind
have perished by now.
Well, if we wait another 1,200 years,
maybe we can visit them again.
[Witch]
It's good to see you again, Sister.
You too.
How have you been holding up, Witch?
Rebecca!
-Happy!
-[Happy sobs]
[crying] I'm so glad you're okay!
Hey, that's my line!
Thank you, guys.
For saving me.
I'm only here because of you.
Glad you're safe.
Me too.
You all have my thanks as well
for going on a detour to rescue Sister.
So that's it? I'm just a detour?
Earlier…
[solemn music playing]
[sobbing] Earlier, I was terrified
of never seeing you guys again!
[crying]
If you cry, I'm gonna cry, Rebecca!
You are crying!
[crying] Just thinking about losing
one of my friends is too much to handle.
It makes me feel so sad.
[sobbing]
You're acting weird! Stop it!
-[crying softly]
-[Shiki continues crying loudly]
[Sister] The new Demon King
is kinda odd, if I'm being honest.
[Witch] Doesn't he seem familiar?
That's the child that Ziggy brought back
with him to Granbell years ago.
The young boy, Shiki.
I knew it when I saw him.
How could I forget the kid that made Ziggy
abandon his quest to find Mother?
-And he's all grown-up now.
-[sobbing]
You don't have to keep crying.
[Shiki] Anyway,
we got Rebecca back safe and sound,
and we found Sister Ivry!
[Happy] Thank you again for repairing me.
It wasn't easy.
You're pretty high-tech, you know that?
Once we're able to locate
Valkyrie and Hermit,
the Edens Zero can finally regain
its original power once again.
After that, we should be able
to get through Dragonfall
and go to outer space, right?
I can't wait!
What about the other two stars?
Any idea where they could be?
Unfortunately, no. However…
-Huh?
-Homura?
Hmm.
That Ether sword of yours,
it belonged to Valkyrie, right?
-Eh?!
-[Homura] Indeed.
But to be completely honest,
I have no idea where Valkyrie is, either.
[all sigh]
I've been searching for her
ever since she went missing.
Valkyrie was my teacher,
until she vanished.
-Eh?
-Your teacher?
I figured that was the case
when I first saw the sword you wielded.
So Valkyrie went and took in a pupil.
I get it now.
So that's the reason why you approached
the ship in the first place.
I just want to see my teacher again.
Hmm! I said what I was thinking
out loud, how embarrassing.
Then why use the cover-up story
about wanting to fight Shiki?
It's not a cover-up.
Valkyrie is the one who informed me
about the Demon King.
She said that even she
was never able to beat him.
And Shiki is the new Demon King.
So as a warrior,
I want to face him in combat.
Uh…
But why would I ever want
to fight one of my own friends?
Huh? I'm your friend?
Agh!
Well, you're the pupil
of my Grandfather's friend, right?
That's close enough for me!
He'll find a way to become friends
with the whole human race.
Mm, well, a match isn't really a fight,
it's more of a competition.
And… I want a match with you
because you are my friend.
By no means
does it need to happen right now.
Just sometime in the future.
[Homura] Will you please
take me with you on this ship?
Oh…
[Homura] I'll do anything
if it means helping us find Valkyrie.
[chuckles softly]
All right then! I accept your challenge.
Let's find Valkyrie.
Then we'll have a match.
-Welcome aboard.
-Yeah!
I'm happy to be here.
Not be a buzzkill but we really still have
no idea where Valkyrie and Hermit are.
Huh?
[Weisz] What's wrong?
Does this mean that
you will be coming along with us
to find Mother as well, Weisz?
[giggles nervously]
Well, you helped us rescue Rebecca.
If you want to stay on, it's fine by me.
If it weren't for you,
I'd still be back on Guilst.
And you repaired me,
so you've got my vote!
You're the one who brought me to the ship.
[scared grunting and shivering]
You're the one who freed me on that
hellhole Guilst so you can't be that bad.
Don't tell me you stayed
and fixed up the ship just to leave us.
[grunting while shivering]
So, what do you say, friend?
[exhales]
Yeah. I just realized.
I might have an opening in my calendar.
I'll come along with you for a bit.
[giggles]
Hmm.
[screaming]
Moscoy.
-He's from the mercenary squad!
-What is he doing here?!
[Sister] Wait a second!
-Mosco is a friend.
-Moscoy.
-Actually, he's my personal servant!
-[both] Huh?
-This is the ship's caretaker.
-Moscoy! Moscoy!
Servant Mosco.
He was on Guilst with me,
but then that fake Sister modified him
and turned him into one of her followers.
-Isn't he just the cutest?
-Moscoy!
[gasps]
But when I found him,
he was riddled with bullets.
Goddamn, you should have seen him,
they shot the poor guy up to hell!
You can bet when I find out
who did it, I'll do the same to them!
[awkward moaning]
-Oh, it was--
-Not one word!
It's nice to meet you, everyone.
-[hums]
-Hey, don't press that!
Geez!
[hums]
Don't make me repeat myself!
-Moscoy!
-What's with the button on his tummy?
She's kind of scary.
[Justice] What happened to Guilst
after the chronophage devoured it?
[Creed]
1,200 years of its time were devoured.
[Victory] And here I thought
Norma had it rough.
How many casualties were there?
I don't know the exact amount.
But it would seem,
based on the number of ships that escaped,
I guess that less than 10% survived.
Most of the people on that crooked planet
were criminals anyway.
No one's gonna shed tears for them.
They were still humans like us.
Countless lives
were taken away from us today.
[Captain Jaguar] I always thought
of Guilst as a prison without bars.
I didn't mind what anyone in there did,
as long as they stayed on that planet.
But if that man has escaped,
a brand new catastrophe
has just been born.
Can we handle him, sir?
He's on a whole different level than
the likes of Illega and Rogue Out.
A menace to himself.
[Justice] Captain Jaguar,
do you mean…
[Captain Jaguar] He turned Guilst
into a planet of crooks.
A member of the Oración Seis Galáctica.
Drakken Joe.
[sudden music sting]
[Captain Jaguar] Otherwise known
as The Dark Alchemist.
[Rebecca sighs]
I'll never get tired of the Spa of Eden.
You like this place so much,
you even gave it a name.
[frustrated grunts]
Hey, Homura, are you okay?
Your training regimen is intense.
[Rebecca] Training?
Water this hot would surely
overwhelm any other normal human being.
What? Is it really that hot?
According to my sensors,
it's only 107 degrees.
Rebecca, I've been meaning
to ask you something for a while.
You're an Ether Gear user too, aren't you?
You must be using your power
to endure the hot water.
Sorry to disappoint you,
but I'm not an Ether Gear user.
Not yet.
But if she keeps bathing here,
she will be.
No way!
Are you saying that bathing in this water
will teach you to use Ether Gear?
I don't know for sure
but it's what I was told.
[Homura]
So you are training in this hell bath.
Eh, not quite.
[Homura] What kind of power
do you want to be able to use?
Huh?! We can choose our own power?
If you haven't learned Ether Gear yet,
then that is a possibility.
So, if that's the case,
what about an Auto Aim power?
I use guns, so for my Ether Gear,
I wanna make sure I always hit my target.
That would be perfect.
Guns, huh?
You bet! Show her, Happy!
All right!
[thrilling music playing]
-[giggles]
-[gasps]
Huh?
It would be an honor
if you would let me duel with you.
I said what I was thinking
out loud again, didn't I?
Huh? Like right now?
Do you take issue with that?
Well, kind of, yeah.
We're in a bath right now.
And we are both naked.
[Homura] Hmm.
[Sister]
Hard to believe it's been 10 years.
Were you on this ship the whole time?
[Witch] Well, I am the Shield of Edens.
My only duty
is to guard this ship with my life.
Having said that, I suppose Elsie
did most of the protecting around here.
[Sister] Are you talking about
that little girl who liked Ziggy?
[Witch] She grew into a beautiful woman,
although she did become a pirate.
I wish Valkyrie and Hermit were here
with us chatting about old times.
[Witch] The four of us will be together
exploring outer space soon enough.
By the way, that little pink machine,
is she the next-gen version of us?
You mean Pino?
Yes, Pino is going to become
the Light of Edens someday.
Hmm.
Uh… excuse me. Sister Ivry,
but do I have a role?
Huh? Yeah, you're the great Pig of Edens.
I'm so honored! Moscoy! Moscoy!
[surprised scream]
You found my B-Cube!
[Shiki] I picked it up at the tower.
I forgot to give it back to you.
[chuckles softly]
Thank you so much!
Is that thing a 3D video device?
Yeah, we've got matching B-Cubes too!
-It was a gift from you, Professor.
-Huh?
By the way, where's Homura?
[Weisz] I told her what my condition was
for letting her stay on the Edens Zero.
[panting]
What is your condition for me?
You have to serve me.
Well, she is…
I offer the Oil Massage,
the Electric Massage,
and the Rational Thought-Destroying
Torture and Pleasure Massage.
Which of these
would you like to have today?
I'm quite curious about the last one,
but I could never say it out loud.
[gasps]
[Homura] Wow!
[gasps] Is this… training?!
Anyway, I'm afraid Homura
is going to be resting for a while.
Why'd you stop?
Keep telling us more about it!
Training is amazing!
So what's your pervy condition that
you're gonna try and make her do, huh?
Hey, gimme a break, I'm not that dirty!
I don' know about that.
You know how the Edens Zero
has a room that can make
all sorts of clothes for you?
You mean the dress factory?
Hermit spent
way too much time in that place.
I love that room!
My small condition was that she has to
wear whatever outfit I pick out for her.
Why do I feel like you're going
to make her wear a sexy outfit for you?
I bet she'd look perfect
in a bunny girl costume.
I wanna wear a bunny girl costume too!
Damn it, Shiki! Imagining you wearing
something like that is gonna ruin this!
Does that mean I can wear
a bunny costume too?
-[gasps]
-[ringing]
[gasps] Clarisse is calling.
Hi, Rebecca!
-I'm so glad you're okay!
-I'm sorry I didn't call you earlier.
[sobbing] Look at all
the friends you've made!
Oh, by the way,
is the guild master safe too?
Yes, he said he ran away before
they could put him on the spaceship!
He was worried sick about you.
What a relief!
We're about to head back to Blue Garden.
Tell me the details then.
That may not be a good idea.
It's probably best to stay away
from Blue Garden for the time being.
What do you mean?
The incident is all over the news here.
Take a look. You're famous now.
Kidnappings of B-Cubers?
A chronophage?
And that's just the start of it!
Now don't get up or change the channel.
Let's take a look at
what really happened on planet Guilst!
There was this cute girl named Rebecca.
She gave us all the courage we needed.
Couchpo is there?
Moscoy!
She's 100% badass.
Hopefully she'll be
in one of my videos someday.
Go to B-Cube.com/OurNekoChannel
and watch Rebecca's Vlog!
Isn't that something?
You've become the "mysterious girl
who saved everyone's lives."
You're a living legend over here now!
Are you serious? This is embarrassing.
[Happy] Rebecca!
Our channel is blowing up!
Getting tons of viewers like we wanted!
But they're giving us crummy reviews.
[groans]
That news is awesome!
I mean, this was your goal, right?
But it's only because
of all the other B-Cubers!
Thank you for promoting me, guys!
Thank you, guys! But delete those reviews.
You'd better hold off on coming back
until things calm down a little bit.
The guild's in an uproar, too.
They're all saying, "I didn't know
we had a cute girl in our guild!"
Because no one at the guild ever pays
attention to what anyone else is doing.
Alright. Well, that's all for me!
Thank you, Clarisse!
We can't let this big opportunity
go to waste!
Now's the time
to make our best videos yet!
Alright!
How about a cool video of me
dancing around in a bunny girl costume?
That sounds perfect!
This explains why your ratings
are so damn low.
If we are unable
to travel back to Blue Garden,
where are we going to search for clues
concerning the Four Shining Stars?
I've got a few leads we can go on.
But enough about that.
We're already about to approach
the Iron Hill. Take a good look there.
The Iron Hill?
[Sister] You'll be able to see it soon.
[solemn music playing]
[Sister]
That's the statue of the hero Orgia.
[majestic music playing]
-[Rebecca] Whoa!
-[Shiki] It's huge!
-I can see another one just over there!
-You're right! Look!
[Sister] That's the hero Arcelik.
And behind him is Nikolaus.
And then there's Urochloa.
[Weisz] How many are there?
Pretty sure there were 12 of them.
Amazing.
[Sister] They're the heroes
who lived through the Dark Ages
and fought to protect the Sakura Cosmos.
Super amazing!
[Sister] The Heavenly Knights
of the Dancing Sakura.
They're the guardians of Blue Garden.
The universe is just too cool!
I never heard about them
even though I lived on Blue Garden.
-Huh?
-What are you looking at there, Pino?
I can see someone's
silhouette over there.
[Rebecca] There's a person out in space?
[Weisz] Whoa, you're right!
There's someone there!
Show me the footage! Zoom in closer!
[Sister] I told you I had a few leads.
But I can't believe we happen
to run into her out in the open like this.
You must have read my mind,
Hermit.
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[Shiki] Hermit?
[theme music builds]
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
THE SUPER VIRTUAL PLANET